Now that you have an understanding of some of the fundamental concepts of loss,
we can dive right into the Command Line where we create
little turtle robots with a package called TurtleSim.
We should probably stop so I can explain
what little turtles have to do with robotics in the first place.
The use of turtles in robotics goes way back to the 1940s.
Early roboticist William Grey Walter created some of the first autonomous devices,
turtle robots which he called Elmer and Elsie.
In the 1960s at MIT,
Seymour Papert used turtle robots in robotics education.
Seymour's robots could perform a few basic functions.
They could move forward or backwards by a given distance,
rotate by a given angle and they could
drop the pen from their bellies allowing them to throw as they move.
These primitive functions could be triggered simultaneously allowing
the robots to move along complex trajectories and make sophisticated drawings.
This connection between robots and turtles continues to this very day.
In your first exercise with us,
you'll be launching your own simulator turtle robot.